{"ParsedSentences":["990258070 | THAH | 89247164 | | 971531 | 9/14/1994 12:00:00 AM | Discharge Summary | Signed | DIS | Admission Date : 9/14/1994 Report Status : Signed Discharge Date : 8/3/1994 DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS : UNSTABLE ANGINA/CORONARY ARTERY DISEASE . ","SECONDARY DIAGNOSES : 1 -RRB- HYPERTENSION . ","2 -RRB- HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIA . ","3 -RRB- TOBACCO USE . ","4 -RRB- DIABETES MELLITUS . ","HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS : The patient is a 54 year old woman with longstanding hypertension , coronary artery disease -LRB- status post two vessel coronary artery bypass graft in 1992 -RRB- , hypercholesterolemia , positive tobacco use , positive family history for coronary artery disease , adult onset diabetes mellitus , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , peptic ulcer disease -LRB- with history of gastrointestinal bleed -RRB- , and stable angina who presented with rest angina in a crescendo pattern not relieved by sublingual nitroglycerin . ","The patient had no chest pain history until 1992 when she presented with chest pain and had a markedly positive exercise tolerance test . ","She had recurrent typical chest pain and fatigue at 3 minutes and 45 seconds on standard Bruce protocol with a maximal heart rate of 129 , maximal blood pressure 120/80 , and 1 mm ST depressions . ","Patient was treated medically but returned with chest pain at rest . ","Cardiac catheterization revealed single vessel coronary artery disease -LRB- 80 % mid right coronary artery -RRB- for which a PTCA was attempted but was complicated by dissection so the patient had an emergent saphenous vein graft to the right coronary artery and LIMA to the left anterior descending . ","Patient was on an intraaortic balloon pump when she developed a cold right lower extremity and had an emergent right femorofemoral bypass . ","The patient did well until 2/11 -LRB- with rare episodes approximately four per year of rest angina which began approximately six months post-coronary artery bypass graft and were all relieved by sublingual nitroglycerin -RRB- when she developed worsening right lower extremity claudication requiring angioplasty . ","In 4/17 , recurrent right lower extremity claudication prompted a femoropopliteal bypass . ","The patient was now currently contemplating repeat femoropopliteal bypass . ","On the day of admission , the patient had an approximately four hour episode of chest pain while visiting with her daughter . ","The patient did not have sublingual nitroglycerin with her at the time . ","Upon returning home , the patient obtained relief with one sublingual nitroglycerin -LRB- patient had described the pain at 9/10 with left chest to axilla pain and no other radiation -RRB- . ","The patient was able to sleep . ","The patient awoke in the morning and shortly thereafter , had chest pain which was not relieved with one sublingual nitroglycerin . ","Therefore , the patient came to the Emergency Department . ","The patient had repeat episodes of chest pain while in the Emergency Department and no EKG changes were noted . ","Two sublingual nitroglycerins resolved each episode . ","PAST MEDICAL HISTORY : 1 -RRB- Longstanding hypertension . ","2 -RRB- Peptic ulcer disease/upper gastrointestinal bleed in the 1970s . ","The patient had an upper GI series/colonoscopy which were negative per the patient . ","The patient had an ongoing stable pattern of gastritis/gastroesophageal reflux disease that was minimized by avoiding fatty foods . ","3 -RRB- Adult onset diabetes mellitus . ","4 -RRB- Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with no hospitalizations or intubations and currently not on any therapy . ","5 -RRB- Hypercholesterolemia . ","6 -RRB- Vascular disease as above . ","7 -RRB- Status post herniated disc . ","CURRENT MEDICATIONS : Lopressor 50 mg/25 mg/50 mg , Pepcid 20 b.i.d. , Procardia XL 60 q.d. , enteric coated aspirin 500 mg q.d. , hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg q.d. , Elavil 50 mg q.h.s. , and K-Dur 20 mEq q.d. ALLERGIES : 1 -RRB- Amoxicillin which caused hives and a rash . ","2 -RRB- Fish which caused nausea , vomiting , and pruritus . ","SOCIAL HISTORY : The patient was a retired operating room technician . ","2 -RRB- Patient had significant tobacco use of three packs per day times 35 years decreased to one pack per day in the last two years . ","3 -RRB- Alcohol was none since 1992 with one beer per night prior to that . ","FAMILY HISTORY : Mother who died of a cerebrovascular accident , otherwise non-contributory . ","PHYSICAL EXAMINATION : This revealed an obese middle-aged woman who was feisty but in no acute distress . ","Her temperature was 98.2 , heart rate 84 , blood pressure 122/74 , and respiratory rate 16 . ","HEENT : Extraocular movements intact , pupils equally round and reactive to light -LRB- but left slower to react -RRB- and oropharynx benign . ","NECK : No lymphadenopathy , thyromegaly without nodular feeling , 2 + carotids without bruits , and jugular venous pressure approximately 7 cm . ","LUNGS : Coarse dry crackles at the bilateral bases with decreased breath sounds throughout . ","CARDIAC : Point of maximal intensity was not appreciated , regular rate and rhythm , normal S1 , S2 was split , and no S3 , S4 , or murmurs . ","ABDOMEN : Soft , non-tender , non-distended , obese with no hepatosplenomegaly , and no femoral artery bruits with 1 + palpable pulses bilaterally . ","EXTREMITIES : Trace pretibial edema bilaterally with 1 + right dorsalis pedis pulse and trace left dorsalis pedis pulse . ","RECTAL : Occult blood negative -LRB- per Emergency Department physician -RRB- . ","NEUROLOGICAL : Grossly non-focal except for 4/5 right lower extremity proximal muscle strength , 1 + deep tendon reflexes throughout , and toes downgoing bilaterally . ","LABORATORY EXAMINATION : On admission was notable for a hematocrit of 49 and first CK of 19 . ","Chest x-ray showed no active disease . ","EKG showed a normal sinus rhythm of 90 , axis 70 degrees , normal intervals , no ST or T wave changes , no left ventricular hypertrophy , and no change as compared with 4/17 . ","HOSPITAL COURSE : The patient was first ruled out for a myocardial infarction and the patient did , in fact , rule out . ","The patient did have some recurrent chest pain episodes in-house , again with no EKG changes , relieved with sublingual nitroglycerin . ","Her anti-ischemic regimen was intensified and the patient underwent a dobutamine MIBI which revealed inferior ischemia with a minimal work-load . ","Cardiac catheterization revealed that her saphenous vein graft to the right coronary artery had stenosed which was successfully PTCA to 20 % residual stenosis . ","Slow competitive flow was seen in the LIMA but the LIMA to the left anterior descending was patent . ","The patient did well post-procedure . ","DISPOSITION : Patient is discharged to home with close follow-up by her primary physician . ","DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS : 1 -RRB- Atenolol 100 mg q.d. 2 -RRB- Lasix 40 mg q.d. 3 -RRB- Vasotec 10 mg q.d. 4 -RRB- Nitroglycerin sublingually p.r.n. 5 -RRB- Axid 150 b.i.d. 6 -RRB- Serax 15 mg q.h.s. 7 -RRB- Elavil 50 mg q.h.s. 8 -RRB- Enteric coated aspirin 325 q.d. 9 -RRB- Glipizide 7.5 mg q.a.m. Dictated By : BOBBY MONGILLO , M.D. UF19 Attending : DARRELL W. KORZYBSKI , M.D. DF3 WS970/6385 Batch : 50985 Index No . ","LQDVRC1AOU D : 3/7/96 T : 3/26/96 "]}